Dheeraj's GSoC blog (#5440)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2022/09/2021-09-12-plugin-health-scoring-system-report.adoc

---
:layout: post
:title: "Plugin Health Scoring System"
:tags:
- gsoc
- gsoc2022
- healthscore
- probes
- plugins
:author: dheerajodha
:sig: gsoc
description: >
  The Plugin Health Scoring System is a Google Summer of Code 2022 project.
opengraph:
  image: /images/gsoc/2022/plugin-health-score/introducing-the-plugin-health-scoring-system.png
links:
  gitter: https://gitter.im/jenkinsci/GSoC-Plugin_Health_Score
---

image:/images/gsoc/2022/plugin-health-score/introducing-the-plugin-health-scoring-system.png[GSoC, height=420, role=center, float=center]

The goal of this blog is to showcase the work done during the Google Summer of Code 2022 coding phases.

> Please refer the  link:content/projects/gsoc/2022/projects/plugin-health-scoring-system.adoc[project page] for a detailed description of the project.

Reviewer: Fix the hyperlink and minor phrasing change
```suggestion
Please see the link:/projects/gsoc/2022/projects/plugin-health-scoring-system/[project page] for a detailed description of the project.
```
